Ali Ramazani
Computer Security
Fall 2023

Sources:
1. https://jscrambler.com/blog/the-most-effective-way-to-protect-client-side-javascript-applications

PART 1: COOKIES

a) There is only one cookie. Name: theme     Value: default
b) Yes, the theme changed to blue and the cookie value is blue. 
c) Same result but different representatoin: theme=default. When the theme is changed to blue, it shows: theme=blue
d) Yes, the blue theme is still selected.
e) The URL changes to this: https://cs338.jeffondich.com/fdf/?theme=blue when I change the theme to blue. This means that the browser sends an HTTP request to the server which includes theme=blue.
f) When the above html request is sent, then I assume some sort of javascript code is executed to change the theme to blue. 
g) We can edit the value of the theme in the cookie to red or blue and then reload the page.
h) We can use Burpsuite's proxy tool to intercept the http request sent from the browser, modify the cookie in the request, and then forward it to the server. 
i) I use google chrome on windows 11 and this is what I found online: %LocalAppData%\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default\cookies.


PART 2: CROSS-SITE SCRIPTING (XSS)

a) step-by-step description of the nature and timing of Moriarty's attack on users of the FDF:
    1. Make a post that has some javascript code.
    2. When the user clicks something pops up immidiately.
    3. Phising: The user's computer could get compromised if there was a malicoius maleware or unsecured link. 
    4. The user panics when the warning messages in red color appear.
    5. The user closes the browser and sometimes even turns off computer out of panic.

b) When the user clicks on the post, the user could get sent to an unwanted site.

c) When the user clicks on the post, a program is downloaded and when the user opens the program, it compromises the computer and steal data. 

d) We can add runtime protection which:
    "Runtime application Self-protection is a security technology that is built or linked into an application or application runtime environment 
    and is capable of controlling application execution, detecting, and preventing real-time attacks."
